[17/8/20, 4:39:48 pm] SEPT group: ‎Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them.
[17/8/20, 4:39:48 pm] ‎‪+61 452 180 166‬ created group “SEF group”
[17/8/20, 4:39:49 pm] ‎+61 452 180 166 added you
[17/8/20, 4:39:57 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Hello
[17/8/20, 4:40:03 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Hello
[17/8/20, 4:40:05 pm] sidd: Hey
[17/8/20, 4:41:51 pm] ‎You changed the subject to “SEPT group”
‎[17/8/20, 5:00:03 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: ‎image omitted
[20/8/20, 3:24:52 pm] sidd: Hey
[20/8/20, 3:25:37 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Yes ?
[20/8/20, 3:25:39 pm] sidd: @61452180166 @61478012473 can you please get the backend done soon so that I can start linking with frontend
[20/8/20, 3:25:56 pm] sidd: We have to give some progress update on Monday tute
[20/8/20, 5:05:28 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Sorry, let me finish my other assignment first
[20/8/20, 5:12:29 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I have 2 assignment need to be submitted this week
[20/8/20, 5:30:07 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: APT and AI
[20/8/20, 5:39:50 pm] sidd: Okay, you might have to tell something to homy on Monday then
[20/8/20, 5:40:05 pm] sidd: I guess there is some progress mark each week
[20/8/20, 5:40:46 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: yeah, I will rush myself, just wait a bit for my reply
[21/8/20, 2:24:42 pm] sidd: 0421351556
[21/8/20, 2:24:54 pm] sidd: Add him to the group
[21/8/20, 2:25:01 pm] sidd: Anson
[22/8/20, 7:21:27 pm] ‎+61 452 180 166 added ‪+61 421 351 556‬
[22/8/20, 8:37:00 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Did I miss anything before? Can someone reupload it? Thanks.
[23/8/20, 5:09:37 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Argh, Now im free from 2 assignments
[23/8/20, 5:09:49 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: What should I do ?
[23/8/20, 5:14:57 pm] sidd: Hey, so I’ve done basic stuff. It’s on github. Could you do the customer registration page
[23/8/20, 5:15:11 pm] sidd: After register, this should be the landing page
[23/8/20, 5:27:14 pm] sidd: Brfore that, you will have to create your seperate branch and then clone it
[23/8/20, 5:31:25 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Can I clear my mind first from these 2 assignments ? I will be honest to Homy too that I didn’t do much in this week because I got 2 assignments.
[23/8/20, 5:32:03 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I got 3 programming subject this semester
[23/8/20, 5:32:25 pm] sidd: Well, you asked.
[23/8/20, 5:35:08 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Okay
[23/8/20, 6:11:05 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I have done a lot of the scrum stuff. the sprint planning and wrote down the meeting minutes for the meeting we had monday, I will organise the sprint backlog and write a few more user stories too for the current sprint
[23/8/20, 6:11:41 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I Will also do the burn down chart
[23/8/20, 6:12:21 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I can’t do the framework it’s just not working for me, Javalin works fine but not spring boot
[23/8/20, 6:12:29 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: If someone is good at spring boot can they help me
[23/8/20, 10:52:36 pm] sidd: I think we can work with either of it. You could probably use Javalin
[23/8/20, 10:55:16 pm] sidd: Anyways, I’ve done a lil bit of booking page where all of it stored in a list as of now. I’ll change it to mock objects later once we get the backend done.
[24/8/20, 3:33:44 pm] sidd: We next?
[24/8/20, 4:18:59 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: He’s taking so long
[24/8/20, 4:19:21 pm] sidd: Yes😅
[24/8/20, 6:49:41 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I’ve completed the wireframe and pushed to GitHub
[24/8/20, 6:50:05 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I haven’t added the classes yet @61478012473 can you get that done?
[24/8/20, 6:50:19 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: It’s pushed to master you guys can branch off from there
[25/8/20, 3:20:39 pm] sidd: Guys, please don’t forget to notify here if In the future, you have done any push onto GitHub.
[25/8/20, 8:06:29 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Guys, I forgot to say this
[25/8/20, 8:06:42 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: lets keep master branch clean
[25/8/20, 8:07:30 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: and create another branch called development and everytime we have something new, we push first to separate branch then when we need to submit every sprint, we submit the one in development branch which we already merge
[26/8/20, 2:10:58 am] sidd: Yes, we are actually supposed to create seperate branches each of us and push into our individual branch. I remember reading it in the assignment specs
[28/8/20, 8:27:11 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: ‎This message was deleted.
[28/8/20, 8:32:49 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Anyone taking software testing subject
[28/8/20, 8:33:08 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Anyone still has space in their group?
[28/8/20, 9:31:12 pm] sidd: I’m not doing that subject.
[28/8/20, 9:31:52 pm] sidd: Guys, I guess we should be having a meeting tomorrow. Milestone 2 due soon and we still haven’t done backend fully yet.
[28/8/20, 9:33:03 pm] sidd: I just don’t want to make it burden at last moment as I have other assignments due around milestone 1 submission
[28/8/20, 10:10:48 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yes we should meet tomorrow and discuss where we are I agree with that
[28/8/20, 10:10:59 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I should be free at any time throughout the day
[28/8/20, 10:11:11 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I’m not taking that sorry
[28/8/20, 10:21:50 pm] sidd: Okay, how about 2pm tomorrow?
[29/8/20, 12:55:01 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Sorry I just saw this, let’s do 4pm if you guys can
[29/8/20, 1:52:16 pm] sidd: I’m okay
[29/8/20, 4:14:27 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Should we meet now?
[29/8/20, 4:14:28 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Meeting ?
[29/8/20, 4:15:52 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: @61414125030 @61421351556
[29/8/20, 4:23:55 pm] sidd: Yup
[29/8/20, 4:24:02 pm] sidd: Has meeting started ?
[29/8/20, 5:49:38 pm] sidd: Guys, I've pushed on to github. The pages work good, with proper validation. Let me know if there is anything that has to be added
[30/8/20, 9:26:51 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Before I make a blunder, which backend we use ?
[30/8/20, 9:27:15 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: There are 2 bin folders
[30/8/20, 9:27:37 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: 1 in Assignment1 and the other outside of it
[30/8/20, 9:28:57 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: If only u could see my confusion right now
‎[30/8/20, 9:29:43 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: ‎image omitted
‎[30/8/20, 9:29:48 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: ‎image omitted
[30/8/20, 9:32:03 pm] sidd: I think @61452180166  will be the correct person to answer that
[31/8/20, 2:07:21 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: There’s only 1 bin folder?
[31/8/20, 2:07:38 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: This is from the tutorial
[31/8/20, 2:08:10 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Not sure how that’s there since it’s not in the GitHub
[31/8/20, 2:08:25 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Hmm, gonna check it again
[31/8/20, 2:08:48 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: And I wanna extend it to tomorrow, caught cold
[31/8/20, 2:09:12 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yeah check again when you can but that shouldn’t be there
[31/8/20, 2:09:17 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Not sure how it got there
[31/8/20, 2:09:33 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: That’s okay as long as we finish in time
[1/9/20, 4:31:59 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Okay, Customer Entity should be ready for now
[1/9/20, 4:32:09 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Its just copy and paste from Person class
[1/9/20, 4:32:43 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I caught a problem btw, my eclipse didnt see the project folder as a workspace
[1/9/20, 11:12:09 pm] sidd: Okay, @61421351556  you get it?? You started to work on it?
[1/9/20, 11:18:27 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: @61414125030 what is my part again?
[1/9/20, 11:41:27 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: How to access the database ? I got task to create a table for booking ?
[2/9/20, 1:45:37 am] sidd: Hey, you’ll have to basically get the connection between frontend and backend
[2/9/20, 1:46:05 am] sidd: Get some attributes, connect it with the class variables
[2/9/20, 7:02:15 pm] sidd: Hey @61421351556  any progress ?
[2/9/20, 8:42:21 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Ongoing
[3/9/20, 10:36:12 am] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Done
[3/9/20, 10:37:43 am] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Made controller,service and repository
[3/9/20, 11:18:39 am] sidd: Good
[3/9/20, 11:19:08 am] sidd: Did you link it with the frontend js code?
[3/9/20, 11:19:31 am] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: No
[3/9/20, 9:27:51 pm] sidd: @61421351556 let us know if you have done some progress. It’s good to have a meeting then.
[3/9/20, 9:46:05 pm] sidd: And @61478012473, on clickup it says entity storage is done for customer database but I can’t see the code for that on github. Have you pushed it onto github?
[3/9/20, 10:34:19 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Yep i have pushed it into customer-register
[3/9/20, 11:49:35 pm] sidd: Sorry dude, but I don’t see any entity storage code there. Could you send me the directory where you have written the code. All I see is a few java classes with basic definition.
[4/9/20, 9:35:58 am] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: @61414125030 I put everything in the dashboard.js. Maybe you can try to put it to the home page or what...
[4/9/20, 9:39:29 am] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: @61478012473 please read the specifications on what a customer variable consists of
[4/9/20, 9:40:49 am] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Nvm I will change it myself
[4/9/20, 10:13:44 am] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Remember to pull my branch b4 u start “s3767707”
[4/9/20, 12:27:40 pm] sidd: Okay
[4/9/20, 12:28:15 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I have added the missing files, I will check again what you meant by Entity Storage, @61414125030
[4/9/20, 1:46:23 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: @61478012473 can u pull my branch into yours. Your customer variables are wrong. It doesn’t match the spec. I finished the mvc model tues so just use mine and remember to check on git after u push. You have some merging problem there
[4/9/20, 3:03:56 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: What’s your branch ?
[4/9/20, 3:04:17 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: s3767707
[4/9/20, 3:06:13 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Yeah, I got the CustomerService and CustomerController problem
[4/9/20, 3:09:37 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Done merging
[5/9/20, 6:36:39 pm] sidd: Her guys, how far has it come?
[6/9/20, 12:48:46 am] sidd: Meeting tomorrow?
[6/9/20, 12:55:53 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: When do you wanna meet?
[6/9/20, 12:59:08 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: What time meeting
[6/9/20, 2:24:21 pm] sidd: 4?
[6/9/20, 2:39:41 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Can we meet at 5 instead
[6/9/20, 3:10:04 pm] sidd: Sure
[6/9/20, 4:03:12 pm] sidd: Guys, is the latest code in s3767707 branch??
[6/9/20, 4:03:45 pm] sidd: Btw how do I clone it onto my system?? Do I have to merge it with Sid branch and then pull it?
[6/9/20, 4:55:47 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: You should merge it with master then merge the other branch with master then pull the master branch
[7/9/20, 2:08:09 pm] sidd: Hey guys
[7/9/20, 2:08:33 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Yes ?
[7/9/20, 2:08:44 pm] sidd: Does anyone know how to store ID of booking tables into customer tables?
[7/9/20, 2:08:52 pm] sidd: And how to map it accordingly ?
[7/9/20, 2:09:02 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I remember that you need to use a tag for it
[7/9/20, 2:09:10 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Let me check for u
[7/9/20, 2:09:26 pm] sidd: Okay
[7/9/20, 2:09:55 pm] sidd: If we get this done, all we have to do it to somehow figure out to freeze time slots that are booked
[7/9/20, 2:12:39 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Ok, i found something
[7/9/20, 2:13:03 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: It will be written in Booking.java
[7/9/20, 2:13:16 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Because there’s only 1 Booking per 1 Customer
[7/9/20, 2:14:34 pm] sidd: Do you mind sending the code?? I had to start the project again from scratch yesterday coz pages were changed n missing
[7/9/20, 2:14:34 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: We will use 
@OneToOne(mappedBy = “booking)
Set<Booking> bookings;
[7/9/20, 2:14:45 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Sorry, should be in Customer.java
[7/9/20, 2:14:45 pm] sidd: I will make changes here n later push it
[7/9/20, 2:15:09 pm] sidd: And how to pass in controller?
[7/9/20, 2:15:23 pm] sidd: I meant the controller definition
[7/9/20, 2:17:21 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: @OneToMany
[7/9/20, 2:18:15 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Still searching
[7/9/20, 2:28:45 pm] sidd: Did you get it?
[7/9/20, 2:51:15 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Can you explain what it is used for ?
[7/9/20, 2:51:40 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Of this
[7/9/20, 3:00:00 pm] sidd: Okay
[7/9/20, 3:00:56 pm] sidd: So, when a booking is made of a customer, the details are stored in two different tables. In order to identify the corresponding booking of a customer, the booking ID must be added in customer table
[7/9/20, 3:01:39 pm] sidd: That way we can match the Id from both the table to know the booking of the customer
[7/9/20, 3:42:36 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Are we ready for the meeting?
[7/9/20, 3:53:40 pm] sidd: Hey
[7/9/20, 3:53:43 pm] sidd: I’ve got a problem
[7/9/20, 3:53:51 pm] sidd: Shall we meet now?
[7/9/20, 3:54:31 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yeah sure let’s meet
‎[7/9/20, 4:42:51 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: ‎image omitted
[7/9/20, 4:42:55 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Sprint 1 tasks
[7/9/20, 4:42:59 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: 2
[7/9/20, 4:43:04 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Sprint 2 😂
[7/9/20, 4:43:25 pm] sidd: Ohh boy 😱
‎[7/9/20, 4:43:30 pm] sidd: ‎sticker omitted
[7/9/20, 5:24:23 pm] sidd: Alright @61452180166  the code in on GitHub under my branch
[7/9/20, 5:24:42 pm] sidd: You also doing the one to many class table implementation?
[7/9/20, 6:02:42 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I’ll do the freezing first then I’ll see if I can get that done
[7/9/20, 7:53:16 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: @61414125030 where is the addBooking method called again
[7/9/20, 8:11:27 pm] sidd: In booking services is
[7/9/20, 8:11:53 pm] sidd: BookingServices.js
[7/9/20, 9:53:51 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I published my own branch, try running it and testing it when you can
[7/9/20, 9:53:59 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: This is for the freezing dates
[8/9/20, 3:42:58 pm] sidd: Okay
[8/9/20, 3:43:08 pm] sidd: I’m kinda almost done with login and authentication
[8/9/20, 3:43:32 pm] sidd: I will get both merged and put the latest under my branch
[9/9/20, 6:43:49 pm] sidd: Guys, for the test, it the topics till week 6 ?
[9/9/20, 6:43:56 pm] sidd: Is it*
[9/9/20, 7:00:02 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Supposed
[11/9/20, 9:31:15 pm] sidd: Hey guys, I’ve added the final code under my branch. The sprint 1 is officially done will all the functionalities. We should get going with sprint 2 soon coz we have a lot to implement. I believe doing it in group will reduce stress and everyone’s contribution is very important. Click up is updated, find your tasks and get going
[14/9/20, 1:49:48 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Hey guys I don’t think I can make the meeting today because I’ve got a doctors appointment, if you can let Homy know please
[14/9/20, 1:50:22 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Fill me in afterwards if you guys can please
[14/9/20, 2:03:20 pm] sidd: Yeah sure
[14/9/20, 2:19:02 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: @61414125030 can u connect to MySQL?
[14/9/20, 2:30:46 pm] sidd: What ??
[14/9/20, 2:31:06 pm] sidd: I didn’t quite get you. With the project, I am able to connect with sql
[14/9/20, 2:32:45 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: I keep on getting cannot connect to database server
[14/9/20, 2:33:12 pm] sidd: Ohhh, I think you will have to change the password in application.json file
[14/9/20, 2:33:24 pm] sidd: And configure it with your sql server
[14/9/20, 2:33:32 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Oh 👌🏻
[14/9/20, 2:33:46 pm] sidd: The code on git is configured to my sql database
[14/9/20, 2:37:00 pm] sidd: @61478012473 @61452180166 could you run the code ??
[14/9/20, 2:37:17 pm] sidd: Could you login/register/book ?
[14/9/20, 2:46:21 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yes mine worked
[14/9/20, 2:46:39 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Just had to change the details on the json
[14/9/20, 2:46:50 pm] sidd: Okay cool
[14/9/20, 2:48:09 pm] sidd: I want to display all the bookings of a customer in their dashboard, but I can’t seem to figure out to get it from the dB. I’m sure than I’m missing something there don’t know what. Can you check in that and write a function to get all the bookings if a customer using their username ??
[14/9/20, 2:49:53 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Do I need to change anything besides the spring.datasource.password?
[14/9/20, 2:50:29 pm] sidd: Ig that all. Give a try
[14/9/20, 2:59:16 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Do we have a .sql file?
[14/9/20, 3:03:22 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Or we need to create a dump ourselves
[17/9/20, 6:47:23 pm] sidd: Hey @61478012473 @61421351556 , we’ve got to submit sprint 2 by next milestone. Can you guys start working on your tasks as assigned on Clickup
[17/9/20, 7:49:02 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: We should have another meeting tomorrow because we need at least 1 meeting a week
[17/9/20, 7:49:18 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I’ve wrote the meeting minutes for week 1 of the sprint
[17/9/20, 7:49:43 pm] sidd: Sure, meeting at 6?
[17/9/20, 7:49:57 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yes sounds good
[17/9/20, 7:50:11 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Can it be 7 / 7.30 PM ?
[17/9/20, 7:50:19 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Sure that works for me too
[17/9/20, 7:50:32 pm] sidd: Okay, 7?
[17/9/20, 7:50:39 pm] sidd: Or 7:30?
[17/9/20, 7:50:46 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Between that time
[17/9/20, 7:50:59 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I have 3 things to finish this week
[17/9/20, 7:51:21 pm] sidd: Same here
[17/9/20, 7:52:47 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yeah we all do
[17/9/20, 7:59:33 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Nice, good luck everyone
[21/9/20, 3:30:58 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Guys join
[21/9/20, 3:31:02 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: So we can do the meeting
‎[21/9/20, 4:28:41 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: ‎image omitted
[21/9/20, 4:28:50 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Markus make user stories for these 4 features
[21/9/20, 4:29:02 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Sure
[21/9/20, 7:13:13 pm] sidd: Guys, was there a video for circleCI by homy?
[21/9/20, 7:13:41 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I dont remember seeing any
[21/9/20, 7:19:59 pm] sidd: And guys, we should also be writing more tests in frontend and backend for milestone 2
[21/9/20, 7:20:07 pm] sidd: Anyone of you want to do that??
[21/9/20, 7:25:14 pm] sidd: @61421351556 make sure you write a task about this on clickup and assign it to someone willing to implement it
[21/9/20, 7:25:43 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Ok
[21/9/20, 7:26:31 pm] sidd: It should be either of you or markus to work on this. I’m working on AWS and ashraf is working on sprint stuff
[21/9/20, 7:27:46 pm] sidd: You guys decide n let me know ASAP. We do not have much time
[21/9/20, 7:28:43 pm] sidd: And the customer booking is working now 😅
[21/9/20, 7:34:22 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: I will do the testing
[21/9/20, 7:38:10 pm] sidd: There is a video made by Homy. Refer to it
[21/9/20, 7:38:36 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Is it webinar 3
[21/9/20, 7:39:23 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Ah sorry is it week 5 webinar?
[21/9/20, 7:39:41 pm] sidd: https://web.microsoftstream.com/video/7f3fc5b9-1ce6-4692-97ee-44a51d2a4ea1?list=user&userId=7e5d926b-46bb-4d23-aa94-b2b029ecb96a
[22/9/20, 8:29:28 am] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Pushed to s3767707 in github
‎[22/9/20, 1:15:57 pm] sidd: ‎image omitted
[22/9/20, 1:18:13 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I just tried too it looks like we need admin permission
[22/9/20, 1:18:23 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I think we have to ask homy
[22/9/20, 1:18:39 pm] sidd: I did, he hasn’t replied yet
[22/9/20, 1:26:07 pm] sidd: Hey, could you also write some tests for booking and adding an employee ?
[22/9/20, 1:28:02 pm] sidd: And does anyone of you have the PDF what was shown in lab ?? About aws ?
[22/9/20, 1:35:11 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I sent it on teams
‎[22/9/20, 1:44:42 pm] sidd: Week7_AWSTutorial .pdf • ‎27 pages ‎document omitted
‎[22/9/20, 2:09:08 pm] sidd: ‎image omitted
[22/9/20, 2:09:26 pm] sidd: I get this while running the docker image
[22/9/20, 2:15:06 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I think that means you have the wrong version of Java installed
[22/9/20, 2:15:13 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: You have to use a different jdk
[22/9/20, 2:17:37 pm] sidd: I tired doing it stil the same
[22/9/20, 2:17:40 pm] sidd: 🤦🏻‍♂️
[22/9/20, 2:42:39 pm] sidd: Hey anyone of you want to work on frontend. Host it on AWS?
[22/9/20, 2:43:27 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I am finishing docs and still have to do the feature for roster after
[22/9/20, 2:44:24 pm] sidd: Did homy reply? Regarding the circleCI ?
[22/9/20, 2:45:07 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: No he hasn’t yet
[22/9/20, 2:56:45 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Sidd can you get a screenshot of the roster page
[22/9/20, 3:10:27 pm] sidd: Yes, will send it
[22/9/20, 3:17:55 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Should I make unit tests or write the code for the roster feature?
‎[22/9/20, 3:18:35 pm] sidd: ‎image omitted
[22/9/20, 3:20:03 pm] sidd: I think anson can do that since he had already been working on tests. The priority is that we should have our code hosted on aws for now(at least to get good marks)
[22/9/20, 3:20:46 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Ahh okay only the front end is not on aws correct?
[22/9/20, 3:21:14 pm] sidd: Both of it. I am very close to get backend on aws now
[22/9/20, 3:21:48 pm] sidd: So, if anyone of you could start with frontend I can join you later and work on it together
[22/9/20, 3:27:25 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/build-react-app-amplify-graphql/module-one/?e=gs2020&p=build-a-react-app-intro
[22/9/20, 3:27:39 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I found this and this might work with deploying it
[22/9/20, 3:36:08 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Hey guys, i’m going to have my midsem test in an hour. I will try finished yesterday tasks on clickup tonight.
‎[22/9/20, 3:58:15 pm] sidd: ‎image omitted
[22/9/20, 3:58:32 pm] sidd: How do we give access??? Do we have to wait for homy?
[22/9/20, 4:00:28 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I think we have to because we are not admins
[22/9/20, 4:00:28 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: You need to ask Homy for permission
[22/9/20, 4:00:35 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I emailed him again
[22/9/20, 4:02:15 pm] sidd: He hasn’t replied to my email sent last night. It’s the same issue with circleCi. It needs permission.
[22/9/20, 4:03:00 pm] sidd: And spring boot throws errors. I tried with frontend and then again permission is required for that
[22/9/20, 4:03:00 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: We have the proof that we emailed him and got no response I think it will be okay
[22/9/20, 4:03:23 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: So permission is required for both
[22/9/20, 4:04:03 pm] sidd: And the fact that we cannot work as a group, likewise we used to in uni campus is soo difficult to follow
[22/9/20, 4:04:20 pm] sidd: Soo annoying
[22/9/20, 4:05:13 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yeah it’s very hard to do it all online
[22/9/20, 4:05:19 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Extremely annoying
[22/9/20, 4:14:14 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Sprint 1 and sprint 2 docs are all finalised
[22/9/20, 4:14:26 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: @61421351556 how are the unit tests?
[22/9/20, 4:15:58 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I sent Homy a message on teams as well
‎[22/9/20, 4:23:52 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: ‎image omitted
[22/9/20, 4:23:55 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: @61414125030
[22/9/20, 4:23:57 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Check now
[22/9/20, 4:27:18 pm] sidd: Okay, now I see upgrade your plan. Was there any particular credentials for circleCI
[22/9/20, 4:30:04 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: What do you mean?
[22/9/20, 4:30:12 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Are you logged in from rmit account?
[22/9/20, 4:32:33 pm] sidd: Yes
‎[22/9/20, 4:33:15 pm] sidd: ‎image omitted
[22/9/20, 4:33:23 pm] sidd: I’m not sure to do it
[22/9/20, 4:33:54 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Do I have to merge it into sidd?
[22/9/20, 4:33:58 pm] sidd: In my branch there, I’ve done adding an employee part
[22/9/20, 4:34:11 pm] sidd: That is not merged  with master
[22/9/20, 4:35:13 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Sid updated 4 days ago?
[22/9/20, 4:35:45 pm] sidd: Ya
[22/9/20, 4:35:47 pm] sidd: Yes
[22/9/20, 4:36:17 pm] sidd: But it seems to fail the build and I can’t see the logs on circleCI
[22/9/20, 4:36:29 pm] sidd: It says no credits
[22/9/20, 4:36:44 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: That is pretty weird
[22/9/20, 4:36:58 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I merged it with sid, check if it’s all good before I merge with master
[22/9/20, 4:38:00 pm] sidd: Wait. We will do it later. Let me see if there is anything I can do changes under my branch first
[22/9/20, 4:38:11 pm] sidd: Then, we’ll merge with master
[22/9/20, 4:38:17 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Okay
[22/9/20, 4:38:31 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I already merged circleCI branch with sid
[22/9/20, 4:38:54 pm] sidd: Ok
[22/9/20, 4:42:17 pm] sidd: Can you also ask him about this? I still can’t get access
[22/9/20, 4:43:35 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: You didn’t get permission to access?
[22/9/20, 4:43:53 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: What does it say now?
[22/9/20, 4:44:25 pm] sidd: This is for aws-amplify
[22/9/20, 4:44:37 pm] sidd: I get permission for circleCI
[22/9/20, 4:45:34 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Okay I asked him
[22/9/20, 4:50:41 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: We are not supposed to use aws amplify
[22/9/20, 4:50:43 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Homy said
[22/9/20, 4:51:05 pm] sidd: Ohh
[22/9/20, 5:00:43 pm] sidd: Hey, is there a video Made by homy about circleCI? Or am I missing something
[22/9/20, 5:00:48 pm] sidd: I can’t see one
[22/9/20, 5:14:57 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Is it not the week 7 webinar?
[22/9/20, 5:15:09 pm] sidd: No
[22/9/20, 5:15:43 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: What about week 8 tutorial?
‎[22/9/20, 5:30:27 pm] sidd: ‎image omitted
[22/9/20, 5:31:52 pm] sidd: @61452180166
[22/9/20, 5:32:46 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: That happens when the sql server isn’t connected
[22/9/20, 5:32:50 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Or you have the wrong password
[22/9/20, 5:33:30 pm] sidd: The normal jar file works properly, but can’t get this docker image running
[22/9/20, 5:33:41 pm] sidd: Do you know how to solve this?
[22/9/20, 5:34:00 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: So this only happens when you run from the docker image?
[22/9/20, 5:34:08 pm] sidd: Yes
[22/9/20, 5:34:17 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Where is the server running?
[22/9/20, 5:34:42 pm] sidd: What?
[22/9/20, 5:35:16 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Is the server running on your computer?
[22/9/20, 5:35:21 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Or is it on docket or aws
[22/9/20, 5:35:28 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: The sql server
[22/9/20, 5:36:17 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Docker*
[22/9/20, 5:37:18 pm] sidd: How do we run this server? I do not know how we do it
[22/9/20, 5:46:17 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Can you show me on teams meeting
[22/9/20, 10:24:15 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I have added 4 user stories with their functionalities on clickup under Sprint 3
[22/9/20, 11:24:31 pm] sidd: Hey
[22/9/20, 11:24:34 pm] sidd: @61478012473
[22/9/20, 11:24:37 pm] sidd: You there
[22/9/20, 11:24:45 pm] sidd: Can we meet now ?
[22/9/20, 11:24:47 pm] sidd: Everyone
[22/9/20, 11:24:49 pm] sidd: ASAP
[22/9/20, 11:29:38 pm] sidd: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JZWil8jtiINIgv0IcHZg4lBNykXyHg2yHOrmxjuJ_UU/edit?usp=sharing
[22/9/20, 11:30:24 pm] sidd: put your work @61478012473 , you will have to write a summary of user cases you wrote
[22/9/20, 11:40:50 pm] sidd: Guys??
[22/9/20, 11:45:38 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: What’s up why do we need to meet?
[22/9/20, 11:46:02 pm] sidd: Nm I did it myself
[22/9/20, 11:46:11 pm] sidd: Check this
[22/9/20, 11:46:15 pm] sidd: Everyone
[22/9/20, 11:49:16 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: It looks good
‎[23/9/20, 12:01:57 am] sidd: WhatsApp Chat - SEPT group.zip ‎document omitted
[23/9/20, 12:03:22 am] sidd: Should be submitting this as well
[23/9/20, 12:03:49 am] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: put that into the github docs
[25/9/20, 1:42:17 pm] sidd: Hey guys
[25/9/20, 1:42:38 pm] sidd: Have you guys marked with milestone 1?
[25/9/20, 1:44:02 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: No not yet
[25/9/20, 1:44:05 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Have you?
‎[25/9/20, 1:44:34 pm] sidd: ‎image omitted
[25/9/20, 1:46:16 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I submitted it but I still haven’t got the mark
[25/9/20, 1:46:19 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: That’s very strange
[25/9/20, 1:49:00 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Are you gonna email him?
[25/9/20, 1:49:06 pm] sidd: Yes
[25/9/20, 1:49:11 pm] sidd: I’m on it
[25/9/20, 1:49:46 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Okay others have their marks as well so it’s pretty weird
[25/9/20, 1:49:56 pm] sidd: Yes
[25/9/20, 1:54:23 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: @61478012473 @61421351556 we should have a meeting after this lecture
[25/9/20, 1:54:32 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: You guys should join too
[25/9/20, 2:20:55 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Okay
[25/9/20, 2:21:16 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Ok
[25/9/20, 2:29:48 pm] sidd: Guys meet?
[25/9/20, 2:29:56 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Im in already
[25/9/20, 2:30:11 pm] sidd: Okay, joining
[25/9/20, 2:48:17 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Did you guys leave call?
[25/9/20, 4:08:54 pm] sidd: @61452180166
[25/9/20, 4:09:02 pm] sidd: What was the URL to check the database
‎[25/9/20, 4:09:12 pm] sidd: ‎image omitted
[25/9/20, 4:09:25 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: For h2 console?
[25/9/20, 4:09:30 pm] sidd: Yes
[25/9/20, 4:09:44 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Localhost:8000/h2-console
[25/9/20, 4:09:51 pm] sidd: Okay
[25/9/20, 4:19:23 pm] sidd: Okay, h2-console is working and users added automatically into roles dB
[25/9/20, 4:19:26 pm] sidd: Yayayayay
[25/9/20, 4:28:21 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Hell yes man 👏👏👏 good job there
[25/9/20, 4:28:26 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Everything working nicely
[25/9/20, 4:28:33 pm] sidd: Yes
[25/9/20, 4:28:49 pm] sidd: Now I’m working on to make first user registration as admin by default
[25/9/20, 4:30:01 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Okay good idea, we don’t need to make more admins because he didn’t specify correct?
[25/9/20, 4:31:32 pm] sidd: No no, I mean is that for any user that would register first, we will make him as admin by default
[25/9/20, 4:31:46 pm] sidd: So, we don’t need to make changes later to make an user admin
[25/9/20, 5:03:10 pm] sidd: Okay, it’s on got now under my branch. We using H2 database and roles entity automatically written into the database. The first user is admin by default
[25/9/20, 5:03:54 pm] sidd: Git *
[25/9/20, 7:23:39 pm] sidd: Hey, anyone of you wants to work on CircleCI ?
[25/9/20, 7:23:45 pm] sidd: @61478012473 ?
[25/9/20, 7:32:52 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Wait
[25/9/20, 7:38:07 pm] sidd: Let me know
[25/9/20, 7:50:30 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I do want to try it
[25/9/20, 8:02:51 pm] sidd: Okay, try competing that
[25/9/20, 8:03:06 pm] sidd: I’ll work on other parts of the assignment till then
[26/9/20, 5:44:33 pm] sidd: Hey, I’ve done the admin roster part and is on GitHub under my branch.
[26/9/20, 5:44:45 pm] sidd: @61478012473 done with circleCI?
[26/9/20, 5:51:21 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I’ve just done cleaning my room today. Tonight I will do it
[28/9/20, 3:33:46 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: We have to do scrum meeting with Homy today
[28/9/20, 3:33:50 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: So everyone has to join
[30/9/20, 2:53:41 pm] sidd: Hey guys, did anyone of you got their sept or osp marks yet?
[30/9/20, 2:55:16 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: No I haven’t got osp or sept yet
[30/9/20, 2:57:39 pm] sidd: Okay
[2/10/20, 2:12:08 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Did you guys see sept mark?
[2/10/20, 2:12:14 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Pretty good
[2/10/20, 2:12:54 pm] sidd: No
[2/10/20, 2:13:07 pm] sidd: It’s only you for marked
[2/10/20, 2:13:13 pm] sidd: Send picture
[2/10/20, 2:13:21 pm] sidd: How much is it?
‎[2/10/20, 2:19:07 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: ‎image omitted
‎[2/10/20, 2:19:09 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: ‎image omitted
‎[2/10/20, 2:19:09 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: ‎image omitted
‎[2/10/20, 2:19:10 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: ‎image omitted
‎[2/10/20, 2:19:10 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: ‎image omitted
‎[2/10/20, 2:19:11 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: ‎image omitted
[2/10/20, 2:20:05 pm] sidd: Oops
[2/10/20, 2:20:19 pm] sidd: That is good
[2/10/20, 2:20:54 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yeah not bad if we get that again for milestones 2 and 3 I’m very happy
[2/10/20, 2:21:07 pm] sidd: Well yes
[2/10/20, 2:21:36 pm] sidd: I’m gonna finish all functionality by tonight and push it
[2/10/20, 2:21:52 pm] sidd: We can then have a meeting n talk about implementing aws
[2/10/20, 2:22:06 pm] sidd: @61478012473  how far have you come?
[2/10/20, 2:22:18 pm] sidd: With circleCI *
[2/10/20, 2:22:47 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yes good idea, sprint 3 can be the remaining functionality and sprint 4 would be AWS then we can submit on the due date
[2/10/20, 2:23:03 pm] sidd: Perfect
[2/10/20, 3:55:28 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I cant commit .circleci/config.yml to both sid and master branch
[2/10/20, 3:55:42 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Not sure why
‎[2/10/20, 4:08:59 pm] sidd: ‎image omitted
[2/10/20, 4:09:01 pm] sidd: Hey
[2/10/20, 4:09:42 pm] sidd: Don’t try doing this, you’ll not know the error. Create your account in circleCI and then add ur branch to it
[2/10/20, 4:10:05 pm] sidd: So, each time you push it into your branch, you’ll see the error
[2/10/20, 4:11:39 pm] sidd: Or have a consultation with homy ASAP to get this done
[2/10/20, 4:15:35 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I think you should have a consultation with Homy if you can
[2/10/20, 4:15:39 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: He’ll help you get it done
[2/10/20, 4:27:38 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: This one is because I saw your branches didnt have the config file. I will remove it then
[3/10/20, 4:16:59 pm] sidd: Guys
[3/10/20, 4:17:26 pm] sidd: I’ve done my part, the code is up on git under my branch. All functionalities are implemented
[3/10/20, 4:17:48 pm] sidd: We can have a application demo with homy on Monday to get further updates
[3/10/20, 4:18:17 pm] sidd: @61478012473 @61421351556  how far have you guys covered?
[3/10/20, 4:18:30 pm] sidd: @61452180166 you can start with functionality description
[3/10/20, 4:18:58 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yep good work sid I’ll get start on the functionality description and get a few screenshots
[3/10/20, 4:19:47 pm] sidd: Okay, let me know if things are not clear. And have a play around the application and let me know if things has to be changed
[3/10/20, 4:20:09 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Definitely, I’ll write a few unit tests as well just to be sure
[3/10/20, 4:20:17 pm] sidd: Okay
[3/10/20, 4:20:31 pm] sidd: @61478012473 , you done with circleCI
[3/10/20, 4:20:34 pm] sidd: ?
[3/10/20, 4:22:07 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I kind of not sure
[3/10/20, 4:24:55 pm] sidd: Get an appointment with homy
[5/10/20, 5:08:14 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Im restarting my pc to install docker hub
[6/10/20, 9:30:42 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: @61414125030 can you do some refactoring and write down what you changed
[6/10/20, 9:30:53 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Don’t actually have to change anything we just need to write down a few things
[6/10/20, 9:31:17 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: So you can just make small changes or make some comments and write that down
[6/10/20, 9:31:39 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: @61421351556 can you make the unit tests
[6/10/20, 9:31:58 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: We only need like 4 per user story it’s not too bad
[6/10/20, 9:33:47 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Ok
[6/10/20, 9:48:10 pm] sidd: So, you meant to comment out each functions that are used in frontend and backend ?
[6/10/20, 9:49:19 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: No, just improve the structure of the program, remove redundant methods or variables, if two methods are able to be done in one method then combine them, make comments to tell what methods to
[6/10/20, 9:49:25 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: What methods do*
[6/10/20, 9:49:38 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: It’s just to make the programs structure more understandable
[6/10/20, 9:49:44 pm] sidd: Okay, I’ll improvise then
[6/10/20, 9:49:50 pm] sidd: Gotcha
[6/10/20, 9:50:02 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yeah we only need to write down something so you can just do whatever
[6/10/20, 9:50:34 pm] sidd: Okay, I’ll do it and let you know when I push it back on git
[6/10/20, 9:50:55 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yep make sure to write down what you did as well in word doc and send that to me
[6/10/20, 9:52:16 pm] sidd: You meant to improvise the code structure and also send you a doc of what the functionality are implemented ?
[6/10/20, 9:52:49 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: To improve the structure and send a doc of how you improved it
[6/10/20, 9:53:05 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I’ve already done most of the functionality doc
[6/10/20, 9:53:47 pm] sidd: I mean that most of it is not repeated. I’ll check a few if there’s are any duplicates
[6/10/20, 9:54:39 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yeah it’s mostly good but we have to write down a refactoring report so just need anything.
[6/10/20, 9:55:04 pm] sidd: Ohhh I get it now. I’ll surely make it
[6/10/20, 9:55:13 pm] sidd: Is there any such template to be followed ?
[6/10/20, 9:55:18 pm] sidd: To fill in the docs ?
[6/10/20, 9:58:43 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I checked and there is no template
[6/10/20, 9:59:05 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: But just show before and after and tell why you changed the code or tell why you added comment to the code to explain it
[6/10/20, 10:00:09 pm] sidd: Ok no problem. I’ll work on it. Can you share some of the docs that you have typed for reference. Ik it’s not that same but I just wanna know how 😅
[6/10/20, 10:00:33 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yeah sure I’ll push the sprint 3 doc to GitHub soon
[6/10/20, 10:00:39 pm] sidd: Okay
[7/10/20, 6:55:52 pm] sidd: Guys, any updates ?
[7/10/20, 6:56:05 pm] sidd: @61421351556  how much testing have you done?
[7/10/20, 6:56:49 pm] sidd: @61478012473 we waiting for your part to further work on AWS. We seriously don’t have much of time. As to my guess, AWS takes a lot of time so
[12/10/20, 2:39:30 pm] sidd: Hey guys, we have a project demo today and I think we all should discuss what we will be discussing with homy
[12/10/20, 2:39:37 pm] sidd: Can we have a meeting now ?
[12/10/20, 2:49:00 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Okay I’m getting on the meeting now
[12/10/20, 2:49:23 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I looked at the canvas page for it and it looks pretty straightforward
[12/10/20, 2:49:29 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I hope we don’t have to wait long again
[12/10/20, 2:50:21 pm] sidd: Yes
[14/10/20, 1:58:45 am] sidd: Backend successful on AWS 🥳🥳
[14/10/20, 3:09:54 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: 👏👏🎉 nice we’re basically finished now
[14/10/20, 3:09:56 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Anson make sure you’re working on the tests
[14/10/20, 3:11:33 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Pushed to master ady
[14/10/20, 9:26:36 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Does anyone knows when osp test is?
[14/10/20, 9:40:57 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: 29/10,5/11.13/11
[14/10/20, 11:22:03 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Sorry sent wrongly
[16/10/20, 10:22:01 am] sidd: Hey guys, just spoke with homy with the deployment error. It seems that we must be having CI working for that. @61478012473 how long do you still need to get this done ?? I want it latest by today evening
[16/10/20, 10:27:29 am] sidd: @61478012473 ?? Please reply
[16/10/20, 10:27:49 am] sidd: I’ve got other assignments as well to work on!!
[16/10/20, 10:31:24 am] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Okay, which branch is the frontend ?
[16/10/20, 10:32:37 am] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: It needs 2 config, one for backend and one for frontend, right ? What I created days ago is only for backend if I remember
[16/10/20, 10:33:06 am] sidd: Yes, circleCI is for both frontend and backend
[16/10/20, 10:33:23 am] sidd: And backend still doesn’t seem to work. It says build failed
[16/10/20, 10:33:53 am] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Because it still got no config, I will try to do pull request
[16/10/20, 10:33:56 am] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Which branch is it ?
[16/10/20, 10:34:40 am] sidd: Make it to my branch
[16/10/20, 10:34:55 am] sidd: There is a dockerfile in my branch for frontend
[17/10/20, 8:20:38 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Hey guys I need each of you to write one thing that you found interesting about working on this project
[17/10/20, 8:20:41 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: It can be anything
[17/10/20, 8:20:44 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: It’s for the presentation
[17/10/20, 9:04:20 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: I found it interesting that I can work with you guys on this project...
[17/10/20, 9:05:04 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: My other course group member left without notice to the remaining group and now im stuck with this assignment
[17/10/20, 9:05:59 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: This advance programming technique is so harsh.
[17/10/20, 9:06:50 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Fail 2 times and this is the third time im taking this course where the assignment is hardly understandable
[17/10/20, 9:09:23 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: But yeah, what I found interesting from our project throughout this semester is that, this process and tools we used during the project helps me learnt more on how to operate them.
[17/10/20, 9:56:44 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Okay guys I sent the presentation on teams
[17/10/20, 9:57:02 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Sidd will be doing slide 2, 3 and 5
[17/10/20, 9:57:15 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Anson will do slide 6
[17/10/20, 9:57:24 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Me and Markus will do slide 4
[17/10/20, 9:57:37 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I will do the retrospective
[17/10/20, 9:58:01 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Just make sure you guys know what to say when we record tomorrow
[17/10/20, 10:09:36 pm] sidd: Perfect
[17/10/20, 10:09:40 pm] sidd: They look soo good
[17/10/20, 10:09:47 pm] sidd: When shall we have the meeting tomorrow?
[17/10/20, 10:10:04 pm] sidd: Is everyone ok at 4? Or do you want it earlier ?
[17/10/20, 10:13:25 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Sure, but if it is a bit earlier is also okay for me
[17/10/20, 10:16:13 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yep works for me as well
[17/10/20, 10:18:16 pm] ‪+61 421 351 556‬: Ok
[17/10/20, 10:18:50 pm] sidd: Ok
[17/10/20, 10:18:53 pm] sidd: We meet at 4
[18/10/20, 4:20:29 pm] sidd: Let’s meet ?
[18/10/20, 4:20:34 pm] sidd: For presentation now?
[18/10/20, 4:23:18 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Yes start the meeting
[18/10/20, 4:23:25 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: I will join in a few minutes
‎[18/10/20, 4:32:20 pm] sidd: SEPT Pres.pptx ‎document omitted
[18/10/20, 11:18:25 pm] sidd: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zX_KzpyZVMMtqYzZPEiKMzyxo80UDMCuotp1ozVehpY/edit
[18/10/20, 11:18:32 pm] sidd: Put in your contributions
[18/10/20, 11:20:12 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Need request access
[18/10/20, 11:24:58 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: You should have access
[18/10/20, 11:25:23 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: Yeah, from sidd link, I was asked to request access
[18/10/20, 11:25:31 pm] ‪+61 478 012 473‬: But I have check from email as well
[18/10/20, 11:41:10 pm] sidd: @61452180166 all good I feel. Convert into PDF and submit
[18/10/20, 11:41:23 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Okay
[18/10/20, 11:41:25 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Will do now
[18/10/20, 11:41:36 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Should I add docs to GitHub too?
[18/10/20, 11:43:00 pm] sidd: Not this. We can submit it on canvas
[18/10/20, 11:43:04 pm] sidd: Wait a min
[18/10/20, 11:43:12 pm] sidd: I’ll add about docker
[18/10/20, 11:44:24 pm] sidd: All good now
[18/10/20, 11:44:26 pm] sidd: 👍👍
[18/10/20, 11:44:35 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Okay
[18/10/20, 11:44:40 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Everything else?
[18/10/20, 11:45:04 pm] sidd: That’s all I feel. Only this has to be submitted on canvas
[18/10/20, 11:45:10 pm] sidd: Rest on git and clickup
[18/10/20, 11:45:22 pm] sidd: Do we need to add out chat logs as well?
[18/10/20, 11:45:22 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: Okay I will push all other docs onto git
[18/10/20, 11:45:34 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: How do we add chatlogs
[18/10/20, 11:45:38 pm] ‪+61 452 180 166‬: If we can then add them
[18/10/20, 11:45:39 pm] sidd: Yes, my branch is good. You can merge it
[18/10/20, 11:45:49 pm] sidd: I’ll do it
